we still have some coaching spots left
open so
healthy gamer can help people understand
themselves
um our program is aimed at helping
people with common mental health issues
such as isolation
social anxiety low confidence internet
or video game addiction and more book a
coach today with a peer coach trained
by me personally so i train all of our
coaches and click the first link in the
description to see stats from our
coaching program and what coaching can
do for you
what do you go by by the way how do i oh
you call me jody
jody okay i'm all oak
but a lot of people prefer to call me dr
k you can call me whatever you would
like
okay um and so tell me thank you for
very much for coming on
thank you for having me i see you are
very vibrant still
and colorful okay i used to not be i
literally got my hair dyed not even two
days ago
um yeah it looks great thank you what
what prompted getting the hair dyed
um my i always hear my mom say like oh
my god like i wish i
could have pink hair of blue hair but
i'm too old and a lot of my friends have
colored hair and i was like
i'm just i'm just gonna do it i i'm i
used to be really attached to my hair
so it's kind of empowering to just be
like yeah i'm gonna bleach the entirety
of my head and make it pink
what's empowering about that help me
understand that
i think um
a lot of my life has been caring about
the perception
of myself to others and while i do care
uh i don't want that to hold me back
from expressing myself and so
this was like very different than i
think even my last yourself would expect
from me
what was your last year of self it had
would have expected from you
i think my last yourself and all the
years prior
especially with streaming uh has cared a
lot about
how my first impression is
like when people make that first
judgment of you
or even see you on a thumbnail while
they're scrolling twitch
like i wanted to be perceived in a
certain way
i see um in order to yeah how did that
change
oh i got so sick and tired of it i was
just like oh like i'm not
myself i don't fee like i feel like i'm
constantly trying to appeal to something
that is not what i want
um yeah so it was kind of more just like
like rebellion kind of thing oh wow okay
so it sounds like you've discovered
yourself
well maybe maybe we're like halfway
there okay
uh so cool that's um sorry for diving
right in i i don't know if this is yeah
i don't mind at all is there i was just
curious about you know the appearance
because it happened two days ago and it
seems like
yeah it's like significant for you
that you did this thing um
definitely is i feel i feel really happy
though like i'm giddy about it
so yeah so you're you're like expressing
yourself
and it's is there something in
particular that you want to talk about
today or
anything that maybe i could help you
with when
i was asked that question we had listed
off
the feeling just of being a girl as a
streamer and how
you're kind of pushing against the grain
and then
uh how intrusive thoughts make me feel
kind of like inherently terrible
um they have a way of doing that
and i think i struggle with
trust friendships
okay and that would be all that i can
think of right now
that's plenty he thinks jody
what do you want to start with so we've
got intrusive thoughts
uh being a female on twitch um
and uh trusts and friendships
what feels um any of them
feel equally as okay so yeah so let me
just
maybe i can just ask you a little bit
about yourself and kind of lay like a
foundation for like maybe 10 or 15
minutes and then we can kind of see
where that takes us
i suddenly find myself feeling like
really excited to like dig into this
stuff with you and i hope we can really
learn something together
um and i'm optimistic that we can it's
weird i'm feeling
unusual maybe it's just because you're
so energetic i'm like oh
i'm like nervous am so nervous i feel
like i'm jittering
so i thought you know it's kind of
exciting i mean i'm excited i am but i'm
also extremely nervous and try i think
i'm trying to cope with that nervousness
by
being extra wobbly
oh no i wonder if now i will feel
anxious
and bubbly okay no no no i'm not feeling
i'm excited
i'm i'm just as equally excited okay
let's let's ask you so can you tell me a
little bit about
what growing up was like for you oh
um
growing up
i think i was a really happy kid like i
i looked
back on my childhood with fondness i've
there was also some traumatic
experiences and such but everything
who doesn't go through that and then um
i mean my family is really supportive my
parents are super supportive of what i
do i mean my hair is pink and they still
love me and it's great and they're like
oh my god i love it
and uh i've gamed my whole life
my my parents gamed actually like i
remember
just like waking up in the middle of
night and hearing them play halo
on like legendary campaign until 2am um
so they're like very uh
understanding and with the times i would
say
wow interesting so yeah you know
ballpark answers are fine how old are
your parents i'm
oh yeah yeah my dad is
and i want to say my mom is 46.
so how did they learn how to use a
controller
i have no idea um it's very unusual
my i'm sure that my brother
influenced my parents gaming so my
brother was super into gaming as well
growing up
more even than me and then i'm sure that
through my brother's interest in gaming
that my parents were like oh well now we
have this console let's give it a try
um so that would have been around the
time it would be like
yeah around 7 20 20 something years ago
because i'm 23.
so okay took the next question out of my
mouth and how old is your brother it
sounds like he's older
yeah he's 20 25
6. okay i should know that i should
definitely know that
no no we're ballparking you do know that
right we're just ballparking for privacy
yeah and you have one brother
yeah any other siblings no just one
brother can you tell me a little bit
about him
um he is
opposite of me okay in many ways
i think that i don't know what that
means though because i don't know you
right he is
a lot of the things that i saw growing
up that i didn't like was actually in my
brother
and so i tried to go the opposite way
um he i don't consider him a very
considerate individual i think he's very
in his head about himself
and uh has a hard time maybe seeing
outside of his situation
and so that has definitely affected my
life
uh because obviously i grew up with him
and he he didn't move out to i moved out
really
so yeah spent a lot of time with him
shared a bathroom with
him and such he's
but he's very like
i don't really have anything good to say
um
well it sounds like he's one of us
yeah and i say that with love well yeah
so i mean i think a lot of times you
know siblings can
dislike things about their other
siblings and it takes some time to
really get to know your sibling
you know in a way that is like it's like
a process
it's like a relationship that develops
over time and i wouldn't be surprised if
you guys felt quite differently
you know five years from now 10 years
from now um
but i'm i'm almost hearing that maybe
there were times when you were growing
up that like
maybe you could have really used his
support a little bit but
maybe he was a little bit caught up in
himself and maybe wasn't quite as
available
to you i think that of course they have
the same parents so i think that a lot
of the things that we
felt or were going through as a result
of having the same parents
uh we could have talked about and i feel
like could have definitely relied on
each other but
yeah i not sure
we just have never connected and have
always had issues
or not okay i like just not gotten along
i would say
hmm what does that look like
um well when i used to live with him and
my parents
it was a lot of like fighting
in a sense where i'm like hi can you do
this and he'll be like
uh no like that why would i do that and
i'd be like
well because like this bothers me he's
like eh
yeah and i'm like okay
so that's like really um
frustrating so that was a lot of like
just
fighting and then it came to a point
where i stopped caring i was like okay
yeah we're just never gonna have that
relationship and you're just so
drastically different from me
and then yeah and then i moved out and
we
don't talk like he'll text me sometimes
i'll like say happy birthday
we don't really talk past that
how do you feel about that i have a lot
of resentment towards him
uh not because of me like i don't really
care how he's affected me
because he i don't feel like he's a
really like thing on my life but
um i'm like upset with how he affects my
parents
because yeah he's just
um i think like a kind of a withdrawal
sometimes
but um yeah
so um jody i'm just noticing like
i don't want this to turn into a you
know
brother bashing session and it crosses
my mind that this is public so i
wouldn't want
us to talk about anything that um would
reflect poorly on him
or make him feel embarrassed or called
out or anything like that
we may have already crossed that bridge
but um
the reason i'm asking i just wanna
because i think we've got kind of an
interesting
fork in the road here where this feels
important to me
um it feels like it's actually like a
significant part of your life like i
know you've learned how to live with it
and sort of like wall it off and it's
like
you know we text each other on birthdays
you know
um it's like that steam friend that you
you know you've got on your steam
friends list that like you used to play
games with a few years ago and then they
changed their names a couple times and
they changed their icon a couple times
you don't even know who they are anymore
you don't know what games you guys used
to play
it's just the perfect it's just it's
just like it's just on your friends list
right you're like i don't even know who
that person is but like
i don't know well continuing i will say
like i love my brother
and i do see the good things in him it's
just that my i can
understand how great my brother is if i
wasn't his sibling
i think because i am his sibling i get
to see a different side of him and i
and understand just a little bit more so
like
i if for anyone listening i do love my
brother my brother is a great guy like
it's just that i get to see totally
just a different side of him that i
think everybody has it's just that
yeah my brother yeah so i think that's
where like you know if you want to talk
about it i think it's still useful to do
so i think we should just understand
that
the point of exploring these things is
to
really try to improve on them and i'm
sure that you know when it comes to
brothers and
and sisters that you know text each
other occasionally i'm sure you had your
fair share
in contributing to that relationship you
know
i mean it's not like a one-way well
sometimes sometimes it is but
you know usually it's like it goes both
ways um
so you know i am i i do find myself
curious but i also want to kind of
acknowledge that
it could make him look bad and and make
sure that you're kind of comfortable
with me continuing to ask questions
like i'm really curious when you said i
kind of you have some resentment built
up for some of the
his relationship with your parents so
i'm curious about that
yeah um i like
my parents are i think fine with my
brother
i just see what my brother does and i'm
like you
could definitely sorry my cat is eating
my mouth
um you could definitely yeah
uh just be a little bit more considerate
and
it would make their lives a little bit
easier sure it's just
that he what is that
what is the what do you what do you ask
him to do or what do you wish he did
differently
so i haven't been home so i don't know
exactly what his like behavior is like
right now
but a lot of uh what
i have seen in him and know that he does
is just like
doesn't really pick up after himself
doesn't really
help out around the house um
and is like i said very like
one track minded and maybe he tunnels
on like his own life um
plays a lot of video games but he works
really long hours
so i can understand that he like went
through a really bad breakup and moved
back into my
parents house and like adopted a dog
but i guess didn't really take care of
the dog too well like my parents did a
lot of it
um so yeah
sounds like he works really hard maybe
had some stuff going on that wasn't too
great
but also sounds like one of us in the
sense that he doesn't
play pick up after himself is kind of
lost in game sometimes and
is maybe a little bit infantilized by
your mom and dad
yes um so there's a really interesting
diagnostic question about whether he's
one of us or whether he's not one of us
does he do his own laundry
i want to say yes there may be hope for
him
[Laughter]
you know doing your own laundry is a big
big part of it
um my cat is just absolutely destroying
my room right now
i see that yes sir go ahead um
maybe your cat is jealous that we're
talking about your brother
uh so can you tell me a little bit about
your parents
yeah um my mom is my rock i love her to
death
she is absolutely the woman that i've
aspired to be
um she's just always had like given me
that space to be vulnerable and talk
about things
and really given me the space to express
myself in any way that i want
like truly wishes for my happiness and i
feel that from her my dad
my dad is an interesting man um
he's rather angry uh we actually
you know when you finally like get to
talk to your parents about all the
things that you've like been meaning to
like you you know you make your own
paycheck so you don't like hold anything
back my dad and i just actually had that
conversation
um maybe like two weeks ago which was
pretty
big for me because i think that was
weighing
on me for a while um
but he's a little angry and
i definitely see some of him in me and i
hate that because i didn't really like
him growing up
and what um
what part of what part of him do you see
in yourself that you dislike
so i call them my sneezes like behind
closed doors
um a lot of the times i'll like get
angry at stuff
and i can't hold it in because it's like
what i grew up with
like holding and angry emotions were not
a thing that
happened in my family with my dad uh and
so i see that
in me and it's mine's definitely not as
bad as my dad's but
because it's so similar in the sense i
like get really angry you can't
whatever and then i like sneeze and then
it's gone
so i don't really like those grudges
it's just that because i can get so
angry and because i can't really control
my
emotions it makes me feel really
guilty i guess is the word for it
okay um can you give me an example
i something just happened oh andy
milonakis just gifted a shitload of subs
to our channel so thanks andy
um and he does that from time to time i
don't know
we love that he shows up and
you know bitcoin billionaires asses
um but let me just so let me ask you
can you tell us like paint us a little
bit of a picture or do any memories
stand out
um and once again you know we want to
acknowledge for a moment that this is
just
an isolated memory it sounds like you're
for the most part like you said
first and foremost that you were a happy
kid and so it sounds like your parents
did a wonderful job and they're like
actually awesome parents but no one's
perfect
um the reason i'm gonna ask you a little
bit about your dad is more because you
see that part inside of you so maybe we
can understand a little bit about
how to deal with that anger is it okay
if i ask you to tell us a little bit
about like memories
from interactions that you had with your
dad okay
right as you said memories like i so
vividly have this in my mind that's what
we want
yeah it was around christmas i remember
because we were sitting next to the
christmas tree
and i don't exactly remember what
happened or what led to this i actually
think it was
a pretty big turning point in my life um
but my dad
i ended up talking back and my dad ended
up calling me a [ __ ] and i remember
being like
my dad just called me a [ __ ] like
you can't do that like you should just
not do that and i remember
like screaming at him and i was like
you have no idea how your words affect
people and i'm like
16 and you're calling me a [ __ ] and i'm
like how do you think this is gonna make
me feel
like do you think i'm gonna forget this
and um i remember
specifically like what okay sorry
can you hear that my cat is rumbling at
times i'm so sorry
hi honey um
just i remember because it was the time
that i had talked back
like i had finally stood up for myself
and he called to be a [ __ ] because of
it
and so it was really scarring but also
like
an awakening where i was like no matter
what i say
he's just not gonna like that i am
talking back
i think
it's interesting because i i think i'm
getting a little bit more context of why
changing your hair is so empowering
right because you kind of say that for a
long time you used to like be
what people wanted you to be and now
you're being a little bit more of
yourself
and what i'm hearing is that you know
you were taught that being yourself is
not okay
i definitely was taught to
behave
and yeah like i would definitely
i i it's like i would just my it was
like walking on
around eggshells or whatever that saying
is that i'm not familiar with but
walking on that trail
it was very much that like one thing
could blow up an entire situation so it
was a lot of
um just kind of minding my own business
trying to lay low
not bring attention to myself kind of
thing
and what kind of things would set your
dad off
um not washing a dish um
saying something it
changing his ipad wallpaper
it could be anything and
what would he say if you changed his
ipad wallpaper oh this happened to my
well my brother changed his ipad
wallpaper but it was the end of the
world
um don't touch my [ __ ] and it's
disrespectful
how would you like it if i touched your
[ __ ] uh
took all the clothes out of my brother's
closet threw him over the banister
just kind of ridiculous yeah but
i think he knows it's ridiculous uh i
like had the conversation with him i'm
like you're
you're ridiculous you're a ridiculous
man and
uh he was so i pretty much had the
conversation with him that i was like
why do you
need to like lash out at people when
you're angry
and we it actually we had a conversation
about my brother because
i think a lot of why my brother is the
way that he is is because of my dad
of course and um
it was like you hurt people when you're
angry
and i'm like do you mean to do that and
he's like yeah how are any how is
anybody gonna know that i'm angry if i
don't like
say these words like hurtful meaningful
words and i was like
how i'm so sorry like for the
environment that you must have grown up
in where you feel like you
had to lash out of people for them to
even hear you because that's just not
normal and i was telling my dad i'm like
and any friendship that i have right now
if i was to be like hey you stupid [ __ ]
i hate when you do that they're gonna be
like
okay i'm not gonna be friends with you
because why do i need that in my life
um and he didn't he didn't really i mean
we kind of
got to a consensus and he was like okay
like
i get it but uh i don't know if it
really like
resonated with him i think it was the
only time in his life that anyone has
ever talked to him about that
or said anything along that those lines
wow that takes
so i you know i'm a little bit of a
boomer so sometimes i say things that
could be interpreted as misogynistic so
i apologize because i
you know um so let me know if i offend
you
okay but you know that takes that's
quite a pair of balls you have there
why thank you they're rather large
you know like i've tried to say ovaries
you know to be like
you know but it just doesn't it doesn't
mean it do
you know and then like
then you can always use the gender
neutral term which is that's quite a
pair of gonads
yeah i like that that's what definitely
reminds me of middle school
yeah like it's it's a middle school
insult right
i'm still trying to navigate this like
you know woke
culture of it's tough for me so
if i say something that's out of line i
apologize uh but that's quite a pair of
balls you have there
yeah i mean seriously like it's it's
it's hard to stand up to your parents
um especially when they get so angry and
throw all your clothes over the banister
well i will i shut my mouth for 23 years
there's i was definitely not saying
anything but i'm financially
able to support myself and uh
i don't think that he can emotionally
damaged me anymore
so i felt kind of just like well we
ended up on the call and
why not i've been meaning to have this
talk with you for literally ever
so it was actually like really nice
so it sounds like he was actually pretty
receptive to the conversation and kind
of engaged with you
yes he had definitely a moment
of anger
uh and not really yeah he definitely
just doesn't listen
it's funny he he's always waiting to
talk like if
you always hear yeah he's always waiting
to talk and i can
tell because i'm like you're just
yelling back at me
and it yeah um
he's also just a man of logic so a lot
of
my arguments
and how i now carry forth of my
arguments is through logic and i kind of
hate that
because emotions are always in play
it's just that i know how to talk to my
dad for him to listen to me
so i have to like do everything
logically i'm like yeah well this is
what you said three years ago and if you
don't really follow through with that
then that just doesn't logically make
sense and he's like
um i'm like
[Laughter]
wow that's interesting usually my
experience with
with people who are super into logic is
that if their logic is incorrect they
get really really angry
and then they just can't see that their
logic is wrong
that usually okay he at least if you can
out logic him
then then it he'll finally make okay
i'll think about it
but yeah so i'm also hearing that
you know he sort of it sounds like
you've sort of figured this out that
like
that was just the only way he knew how
to make himself
heard so i didn't know that until
like two weeks ago i genuinely thought
that he like knew what he was doing
because i'm like how can you be
not how do you not have the awareness to
know that you are totally messing up
people being mean and like um
but no he like genuinely didn't
understand
and i actually think that makes maybe
more sense to me yep
yeah yeah it sort of makes sense because
he didn't really know
what he was doing but also it also
sounds like that's the way that he
learned
that feelings are taken seriously when
you are mean to someone
and that's how you express to someone
that you were not
okay with what they did yeah um
the way that you demonstrate that you
have been hurt is by hurting someone
else
um so that's that's i'm
i'm happy for you guys and i think it
takes a lot of strength to have that
conversation and it sounds like your dad
is
kind of willing to play ball which is
we'll see but yeah cool
and um how did you get into streaming
oh uh i went to an event called pax with
my
then ex-boyfriend and there was like
this huge purple booth
and i was like what's that and he's like
oh it's just like this live streaming
platform like oh that's weird and then i
forgot about it
and then um
pax west and then he actually built a
computer and started streaming
and at the same time i was like well i
want to build a computer because i had
always been a console gamer and like a
laptop gamer
um and then i ended up uh having some
friends who helped me and i built like
this
really jank like really
just bad computer but um
welcome to pc master race my friend yes
so i would watch his streams and i was
like this is really
cool like this is all i've ever wanted
in the sense that
i've always had moments in gaming where
i'm like oh my god i wish someone saw
that and
that is exactly what this is and so um i
started streaming
and i was also extremely lonely at the
time
i was in college and was studying as
pre-med and so i literally didn't make
any friends all i did was study
i like didn't have the luxury or the
intelligence to
study work and have friends i could
really only have
work and school and do those two things
well
and then so you worked when you were in
college i worked part-time
and then yeah and then i just like loved
streaming because i was so lonely
how did you decide to become pre-med uh
interesting actually i was autofilled to
business in college
my my parents were like you don't have
to go to college but
if you like you just have to do
something productive in the meantime
like you can't just sit at home and like
play games and do nothing and i was like
okay fine like i do see myself pursuing
something i just don't know what it is
quite yet and went to college autofilled
business
and halfway through business i was like
um questioning
i don't really enjoy this like it
doesn't
like interest me in
any way but i was like but what is
stopping me
like what do i want to do and if nothing
was in my way what would i do
um and i was like i would love to be
some sort of
doctor like i would love to be a
dermatologist like in a perfect world i
would be a dermatologist
um like i just grew up with skin issues
like completely understand them and
hated how everybody treated me and how
most dermatologists
treated me and i was like yeah i would
totally love to do that and then i
realized that
um my whole life i kind of told myself
that i wasn't intelligent and i couldn't
do that and then i was like
oh like let's just let's just do that
let's just at least try
um so i switched to biology
do you still tell yourself that you're
not intelligent enough to do that
not often not often
i i think that like uh through
my degree and like going through that
process i know that um i totally can
it's just that if i'm willing to drop
everything else
i can like i said i didn't make any
friends from college so
at what expense did i was able to like
get good grades and maybe be pre-med
at the expense of not having friends
sounds about right yeah
getting good grades as a pre-med is
impressive that's not easy to do
it it took a lot like literally
everything that i had in me
to to work towards that
you know just my experience was that i
got terrible grades and didn't have any
friends anyway
so at least you got something out of it
yeah of course i was both a loser and a
failure
sounds like you were just a loser so
um yeah so then it says sounds like you
started
so were you like lonely in college oh my
god i was so lonely
um i thankfully had a really great boss
i worked part-time
and my boss i like developed such a
great relationship with her name is
cheryl and i love her
like she is the seven-year-old woman she
is just feisty she's
um i just love her and so i had her
thankfully and i would consider her a
friend it's just that our age difference
was really
drastic so we couldn't like go and
out and do anything really other than
grab dinner
and and so what was it can you tell me
what what it was like to be lonely
i heavily relied on my boyfriend at the
time
we had we dated for way too long i think
because of that
um so because i had met him like my
like summer going into college but yeah
we were with each other for the entirety
of college
which makes sense uh you know like we
were good for each other
i think when we while we needed each
other kind of thing
but yeah i was like didn't have friends
to rely on
like talk to my mom a lot and would vent
to my
boss but didn't really have anybody my
age to like like anybody any girlfriends
that i think are
obviously really important um do you
have girlfriends
i have girlfriends now yeah how did that
happen
through streaming all my friends are
through streaming um and like
weird coincidences i think like my best
friend is actually from
where i'm from she was acquaintances
with my ex
so we met through my ex but then she
ended up streaming and we ended up
really bonding over that and now we're
roommates
oh cool yeah um and so what how did your
uh what ended up happening with your ex
boyfriend
you guys said so it sounds like it was
like a what you guys needed at the time
and then
you kind of grew out of it or what
happened
we so he started streaming before me
which created an interesting dynamic in
our relationship
because his stream didn't do so well and
mine did well enough to be full-time and
uh that was really the decline of our
relationship
i actually found a lot of self-worth
through streaming
and uh every day
and also just some empowerment um i've
never really had anything that i've
felt good at and i actually think that i
feel pretty good at streaming i'm not
sure what
about it or like i couldn't pinpoint it
to you and tell you like what i'm doing
right i just
feel confident doing so i can tell you
what you're doing right
oh i think you've ever
yeah go ahead go ahead i've never
watched the same way yeah
you've never seen my stream i haven't
seen your stream i don't need to see
your stream
oh that's interesting yeah
i think you're very alive
oh i would yeah yes yeah
i think it's it's quite compelling
well thank you i will i cherish those
words
cherish away my friend um no seriously i
think it's
it i can see i i think you have some
like a certain
like charisma right there's like
yeah well a lot of life in there yeah
my pink hair shows um but through
streaming i
i genuinely felt like i was good at
something and so that
changed the dynamic in our relationship
because he used to be the one that was
like good at everything
more than me or um
i don't know we were not like
good with each other but we just
happened to be with each other i felt
like
yeah so it sounds like maybe it was hard
for him to watch you become more
successful
yeah and you know when your testicles
started to outweigh
his he noticed hard yeah
yeah it's challenging
um my wife wears the pants in the
relationship too so that can sometimes
be hard for me
um okay so and and then
so it sounds like so i'm a little bit
curious you had mentioned trust and
friendships
as important um can you help me
understand so it sounds like you
actually have
a fair number of friends now it sounds
like
um you know things maybe just ran their
course with your ex-boyfriend are you
seeing someone now if you don't mind me
asking you don't have to i am seeing
someone now
yeah um so then so help me understand
why trust or
or friendships is kind of like something
that you wanted to talk about
or so i would say that until recently
i have good friends and i would consider
like my roommate's really good friends
and then some of the people that i've
met through streaming
um it's just that my whole life
friend it's like i have horse stories
with friends
or just people
and it makes me uh
try to reflect and be like well why did
all these things happen to me and like
what am i doing so
wrong and it really scares me when
approaching new friendships because
especially with people that i cherish
because i'm like oh when is it that
they're going to realize like i'm
this that and this and then decide to
leave me or like
like yeah does that have something to do
with the intrusive thoughts
yes
um absolutely yes
[Laughter]
yes this sort of looks like a nutrition
plan
people are wondering that's what an
intrusive thought looks like out of all
the thoughts that you've had
that you've shared over the last 45
minutes that is the intrusive one okay
all right so tell me what happened with
um we can we can we can get to the
bottom of this
i think okay um so tell
go ahead oh so do you want to say
something else no
okay so tell me what what happened with
your uh friends like before this most
recent
batch
drama literally i can look back on
the time of my life and i'm like okay
yeah yep
oh we're finally good and the good is
now oh yeah
an um middle school my uh
elementary bully came to and switched my
school
good stuff wow they just follow you
everywhere it's great
yeah that's not funny
so just like uh my parents were part of
this
business and i want to say that it was
kind of like a
kind of like a cult business probably
i'm not sure they didn't really tell me
much about it um but pretty much when
they switch businesses when they're like
oh yeah this is kind of
scummy um the other
individuals that like oh nice place
i went to a school it was a private
school and the parents that all went to
that all worked at the same place
obviously like flock together and they
all had kids and so all the kids hung
out so like the me
and like i think five other girls four
other girls we would all hang out
um and then as soon as my parents were
like oh yeah we're not gonna be part of
this business anymore the parents are
like oh you can't hang out with jody
anymore because we're not hanging out
with their parents anymore
but as a kid i don't think i really
understood that i think i was
like i don't know people don't want to
hang out with me like
and then yeah but they were also like
the kids were really
mean about it specifically one girl but
she was just
really yeah not nice to me i would cry
every day on the races i would literally
bury a hole in the wood chips and dig
myself out of the stairs and cry and i
remember like calling my mom
um third grade
you're smiling because it's comedic to
me i imagine
my small self like
burying myself with wood chips because i
don't emotionally know how to understand
this
and i'm over it now in the
sense that i understand like
i'm aware enough to know that it wasn't
a me thing it was definitely like a
parent thing but it still affects me
emotionally
i just understand it a bit more like
from bird's eye view
what do you understand that it wasn't
a me thing like i didn't do anything to
make these girls hate me
but they did
after my parents or after their parents
told me i think we can't hang out with
you
okay can i think for a second
what games do you play jody
um right now a lot of valerie okay
i love minecraft okay
rust among us but among us is okay
um i love just fps games in general and
puzzle games so like zelda
favorite zelda game twilight princess
try you know it's sleeper sleeper head
did you ever play majora's mask
uh i didn't like finish majora's masks i
think in its entirety i ended up not
liking it that much but i was also young
and have not given it another try
so it kind of scared me it's kind of
it's kind of demonic yeah i mean toilet
princess also do be kind of
a little bit less dark yeah way more
happy valley than
or sorry what's uh uncanny valley you
familiar with yes
yeah so it's way creepier but um
okay uh thank you for sharing that i
know it's kind of a random question but
i'm trying to just figure out what kind
of analogies do i need to come up with
in my head
to help us understand uh
so we're going to have to go towards
zelda because i suck at fpss
yeah and i've never really played
minecraft
i still don't really understand it to be
honest it's okay it's
it's you won't understand until you dig
like 10 hours into it
okay so maybe i should do that at some
point um
okay so let me ask you something
have you ever so you've it sounds like
you understand
that you know those kids were being mean
and it wasn't really your fault
um and when you think about that girl
who buries herself in
wood chips have you done anything
besides laugh like have you cried about
that
yes i definitely went through my
emotional
acceptance of it
help me understand what that means
like when i allow myself to feel really
sad or like bad for myself it will
go back to that time but it is not often
i oftentimes will just
laugh at it okay but you do let yourself
is it when you're feeling bad now that
your mind kind of returns to that time
or do you let your mind go to that time
and you feel
bad in the present this is so
interesting i was just talking on
stream about how sometimes time to me
feels very like
sandwiched because my memories feel
like i had lived in them yesterday yep
so a lot of the times like let's say
that something happens i will
remember that feeling like if something
similar happens in my life let's say
related to friends
or like i'm being wrong by a friend so
it sounds like the
present triggers the past you don't go
and sit in the past
and yeah okay cool yeah we're going to
talk
it's going to be good i think you're
going to we're going to figure this out
all right it sounds like you're halfway
there already jody
your understanding of time i think is
quite sophisticated and a very important
revelation
okay now let me ask you another question
so when you
are living in the present and you
travel back to the past
do intrusive or intrusive thoughts part
of that picture
not in this so when i'm thinking of
myself in the past
does my past self have those interested
thoughts no
no so uh just ask me about the intrusion
let me ask you about the intrusive
thoughts can you tell me just a little
bit about what you mean by intrusive
thoughts
um when i say intrusive thoughts it's
mostly like
my interactions with others how i affect
others how others perceive
me and how that will
it relates to you because of how you're
perceived
yes and it and how
i feel like i've been either betrayed
or wronged or just like um not just not
liked
throughout my life and so i
feel like there's something wrong with
me which creates these intrusive
thoughts
but that i can't really pinpoint if i'm
like lying to myself
or if others are lying to me and it just
intrusive in the sense that i'm like i
must be inherently bad there must be
something wrong with me that somebody
just won't
tell me and yeah
okay so tell me what kind of in can you
give me an example
of intrusive thoughts
uh like let's say i'm streaming with
someone or like i'm collaborating with
another streamer and i
say something that's like me being
myself
uh i'll i'll like have a sudden moment
of like should i have
said that or because i'm showing a
glimpse of myself
this is like the last time that we'll be
collaborating together because i'm just
bad i'm terrible nobody likes me kind of
thing
um there's that laughter again
so funny i deal with everything through
humor also especially
with streaming uh i like don't mind
talking about my feelings and laughing
about them because i
want people to laugh with me like i
don't want people to be sad for me
so i laugh so that people mirror me
because
um i because i don't
no uh i think especially with streaming
i want people to
feel happy on my stream like i want you
to click on a quarter jade stream and be
like yeah this is like a positive
uplifting happy place where we
occasionally talk about sadness but i
don't leave feeling sad
so if i talk about things that happen to
me or don't laugh at the things that
happen to me then
you'll also feel bad you'll be like oh
okay
does that does that also apply outside
of streaming like i can understand
trying to create a particular kind of
community or vibe on stream but do you
feel like people
are you okay with people being sad
pitying you otherwise
see i in
yes but i will not often
put myself in those situations to be
pitied
i guess you won't put those self
does it feel uncomfortable to you when
people feel sad for you or pity you
i've never thought about that let me
think about that
um
i don't think it makes me feel
uncomfortable
i just don't want people to feel that
way in our experience
like when conversating i guess
it is not my main goal sure or like
yeah let me ask you do you do you
protect other people from feeling that
way
yeah why
where does that come from
from lack of protection i think
that didn't take long no
[Laughter]
and what weren't you protected against
uh yeah
just mean
and toxic experiences
or people can you tell us about those
the experiences in particular or
um i remember like
oh there's a lot one that stands out in
particular
is oh my god i was just talking about
this on stream which is funny
um the said girl who we are going to
continue to go back to
uh she we actually ended up becoming
friends
i i remember having this thought and i
was like oh god we were so young i'm
sure i could be friends with her now
and we ended up like kind of getting
along we would hang out and i would like
go to her house and she
is very she lives a very fortunate life
she had this beautiful pool and this
beautiful house i would go to her house
often
and i went swimming one day and then she
ended up
kind of merging with the popular crowd
and so i was no longer her friend
after that and uh i left my bathing suit
on her house and i was like hey like i
love bathing sure your house like can i
come get it and she's like oh like i
don't have it
and then i was like oh shoot okay um
then this is when instagram was rather
new
into society but uh
her sister posted an instagram photo of
her wearing the bathing suit i'm like
yeah that's definitely my bathing suit
um
okay and then i in a message here i'm
like hey like can i come grab this she's
like
no that's my sister's and i'm not even
home and then okay this is
my dad was probably wrong in allowing
this too but my dad was like yeah let's
just like go drive her
to her house and go get it i'm like yeah
okay hindsight i don't think that's a
good
i definitely should not have done that
but um the winter house
knocked on the door the dad answered and
he's like oh hey jody i'm like hey i'm
here to pick up my baby soon
and he's like oh yeah go on upstairs and
um she had another sister so
uh the other sister was like oh like
what are you doing here i was like hey
i'm here to grab a bathing suit she's
like oh cool it's like so
it's in her room i grabbed it i left uh
her sister obviously told
her that i was there and then it ended
up being this huge thing she's like i
cannot believe that you would trespass
into my house and
steal my bathing suit i'm like okay but
it was definitely
mine but it has a
like that is like one of those moments
where it's really toxic and i know that
she
went and told a bunch of other people
about it and said
maybe things that weren't very true or
from her point of view might have been
and that like had altered the way that
people saw me
and the friendships from there on out
that's [ __ ] up retweet
wow
man you just really get [ __ ] every
time you stand up for yourself don't you
what do you think about that okay the
first thought to me was like well
why and yep
yeah but i also think that's why i'm
really protective of others
like i'm i'm like straight up mama bear
for anybody that i
care about and a lot of people that you
don't care about
that too i think it's
yeah you're very protective i think it's
quite an admirable quality and people
even though you sometimes get the short
end of the stick i think people benefit
from having you in their lives
for better or for worse um
but why do you think how do you
understand that why do you get smacked
down every time you
you know pop poke your head above ground
um i just
i don't really know if i have a direct
like i don't feel like that's happening
to me i guess
like you say that i'm like oh yeah that
like makes sense
but when i do stand up for something
it's more because i couldn't no i like
can't go to bed at night if i didn't
it will eat away at me
can i think for a second
so i'm going to just think out loud i
may need to pause in the middle
here but you know it's kind of
interesting because when we think about
these sorts of stories right where like
you leave your bathing suit at a
friend's house and she's like nope that
was mine
and then you know kind of it sounds like
sometimes you tried to express yourself
maybe with your dad
and then that really didn't go well it
sounds like there are a lot of times
where you've tried to
you know show people who you are be
yourself and you've been punished for it
and generally speaking you know when we
think about that we think that the
psychological
consequences that you're like meek right
is that like when someone gets knocked
down like a thousand times like they're
gonna learn how to stay down and they'll
be like feel really bad about themselves
and like have low self-esteem and things
like that
i don't think you have low self-esteem
what do you think
um until streaming i would say that i
for sure had low self-esteem yep and
have
since grown
i am i
i have occasional low self-esteem
sure of course everyone does but but you
know you're not like a downtrodden like
you seem to be
confident you seem to be vibrant
um i would not describe myself as
confident
but i am definitely how would you
describe yourself
uh definitely like fake it till you make
your confidence
i want to be perceived as confident and
therefore
i kind of like just
act accordingly but deep down i don't
feel confident
and i don't feel confident in the words
that i say i've just like conditioned
myself to be like okay well now speak
how do you feel about the words you say
um sometimes really good
i'm like happy that i am open
and then sometimes i'm like the whole
reason
why people don't like you is because you
talk so just stop talking
but then i'm like at a turmoil and i'm
like i have to be confident
because i don't and i have to stay up
for this but at the same time
yeah so i'm going to be a little bit
judgmental here
i think you're confident and i think
confidence is so foreign to you that you
don't know what it looks like
so let me try to parse this out a little
bit okay
so if there's a part of you that says
deep down inside you
just hypothesize okay i could be wrong
but
let's let's take a look at it and then
you let me know whether i'm right or i'm
wrong because i don't know what's going
on inside
um so you know there's a part of you
that's like i want to speak
and then there's another part of you
that's like no no don't speak that's
stupid when you speak
bad things happen is that fair
is that the conflict so that's really
interesting because i don't detect any
con
lack of confidence there so i'll give
you an example of what lack of
confidence is
don't speak because you're dumb
but i'm not hearing that from you
i'm hearing that you've learned that
there are consequences to your actions
but not
when i think about someone who's not
confident intrinsically they don't think
that their words have merit
i'm not hearing that you don't think
intrinsically that you
lack merit i think you just you know
you've been traumatized
yeah actually right because if you think
about it like i'm sure you've had
friends or you've felt in the past like
you intrinsically don't have merit right
like you're like
there's something wrong with me but that
inner conflict that i hear now is not
like
i should i feel like speaking and then
the other part of your voice is like no
you shouldn't because that's dumb
you're dumb sit down and shut up
it's like people are gonna get
frustrated if you do that
and that by the way may be legitimate
right so i think that um
you know you have a lot of bitter and if
you don't know what that is i'll explain
it in a second
but in ayurveda the iv is traditional
indian
medicine and pitta is um
so like they sort of diagnose
personalities based on like elements
so you are like sort of like a fire type
and there's a really
interesting um sign of your bit though
which is the insides of the palms of
your hands
and the color of them right so i know
that you have a lot of
um i know that i'm assuming you're
wearing makeup
i can't really tell um but and then i'm
assuming that you know your hair is not
normally this color so like people with
bitters a high amount of bit that that's
correlated with
redness in their body and so the palms
of your hands
um you know are quite red right so it's
kind of interesting so if you look at
the palms of my hands they're like
whitish right
yeah so you've got a lot of color there
um so
and bit this also are kind of like angry
they're fiery they're logical they don't
take things lying down they stand up for
themselves
um so that's maybe just a conversation
for a different day but i think that
like
yeah i don't think that you lack
confidence i think i think you've just
you're trying to figure out like why
when you express yourself
like people like you've learned that
when you express yourself like sometimes
it doesn't go well and people like
mistreat you
which i think sort of makes sense i can
sort of understand what you mean also if
you say you're not confident because
um it does sound like you have thoughts
floating around in your head that
there's something inherently
wrong with you that's a lack of
confidence
right but i think that those thoughts
and i guess i'm gonna
so here's what i think by the way
because i've started to do that and so
let me know
you know if it i could be completely
wrong let me know what resonates with
you and what doesn't
but the way that i understand it um is
that
you know jody you were like so these so
let's think about intrusive thoughts for
a second so intrusive thoughts are
thoughts that are unwanted
right that's why we call them intrusive
and what they kind of do is they sort of
like spawn
in your mind like you're like going
around about your day like duh duh duh
duh
like i'm gonna eat a taco and then like
this thought spawns in your mind and
it's like
there's something inherently wrong with
you you're like [ __ ]
like where is that coming from like i
was just trying to eat a taco
and there you go again mind telling me
that there's something inherently wrong
with me it's like oh like
hey like do you want to hang out
sometime and you're like yeah i want to
hang out you go hang out with your
friend
hey do you want to move in together and
your roommate's like hey we should live
together that'd be totally awesome
you're like yeah that'd be totally
awesome
you're like that dude and it's like hey
there's something inherently wrong with
you may [ __ ] it up be careful
it's like what the [ __ ] like why does
that happen like no
no like she likes me she wants me to
move in with her this is great we're
having fun we've hung out a lot
like why are you doing this to be mined
where is this coming from
and so it's intrusive because
much like yourself it shows up at your
house invites itself in
and takes your bathing suit right
it just comes in and it's like but
here's the really scary thing because it
actually has a right to be there just
like you had a right to be there
right because here's the thing about
intrusive thoughts so
intrusive thoughts like get spawned
right they're like spawning like there's
like a portal
somewhere in your subconscious that
every now and then
gets triggered and then like spawns a
mob and then you have to like fight
against the intrusive thought
and sometimes you kill it and sometimes
you don't it sounds like you've gotten
pretty good at dealing with them but
they keep coming back
and you're like confused because despite
your confidence
despite your success despite the fact
that you have friendships
i'm assuming just based on what we
haven't talked about or that it hasn't
come up that your relationship with your
boyfriend is pretty good
seems like a cool dude um you know
because like
we've talked about anyway so you want to
have a lot of fun we can talk about him
but um you know so it seems like you
actually do trust people
it sounds like you are standing up for
yourself like if you have a dad who
gets angry all the time and throws
things like over the banister and you
lack confidence
it's really hard at the age of 23
especially being a woman to like stand
up to a father figure and say like hey
this is not okay
that doesn't compute for me that this
person has low confidence
right because like you know inside
yourself
that like this is the right thing to do
and like it needs to be said
i think the reason that you call
yourself not confident is because you
have the intrusive thoughts but like
what i want you to understand is that
there's you and then there's like this
machine over here that's like spawning
this portal that's just spawning the
intrusive thoughts but that's not really
you
because you're confident it's just
there's this like
bit of malware running in the background
that is like
pop-up ad pop-up ad hey
people don't like you hey be careful
because they're gonna
steal your bathing suit hey and you're
like how the [ __ ] do i get this to stop
okay does that make sense that resonate
with you or okay all right so let's
try to understand like where do these
portals come from like like
and so this is where in in my experience
um
i like the system of like eastern
philosophy or like eastern system of
mind so this is where
um you know you could go to see a
therapist for something like this
absolutely but i i really like the
eastern conception of like what they say
about this kind of stuff
which is basically that like there's
that little girl so like i want you to
think about
what was going through your head when
you would bury yourself in wood chips
like do you remember what kind of
thoughts you had
um it was specifically after
the girls had said some not very nice
things to me and they're like
yeah we think go away and i remember
i wanted to not be there but
it was recess i had nowhere else to go
yeah and do you remember what you
thought about yourself
i don't remember specifically anything
about like
myself i just felt
sad and
confused
i guess unwanted it's like the first
thing that comes to mind
yeah so that's
that's important right because if i
think about the
i've hypothesized what some of your
intrusive thoughts are and i think
unwanted
is a great way to encapsulate
like what is the label on that portal
right it's like i'm like be careful
jody because they may not want you
they want you to move in with them but
be careful because if they really know
who you are
they won't want you anymore right
and so i can tell by your face that
that's hurts a little bit when i say it
right so what are you feeling right now
how that makes me really sad
and
like how it's also unfair to others for
me to have that
judgment of them or like to think
that they are go like uh the other
struggle that i have is like people are
telling me no jody we love you
like i'm here for you i'm not gonna
randomly leave you
and then i'm like well i know but
and then like not only am i sad i'm not
like
disrespecting their words and how does
that make you feel about yourself
not good yeah right so you blame
yourself
for fearing and so now like there's been
a big change like you've been really
vibrant you've been really open now
you're sitting back your arms are
crossed right so like
we're getting there so now what we're
doing is like so
these feelings are there and um
you know so like this is i i think how
we're going to have to work through this
because i think the the issue here is
that you do have that
little kernel of like doubt and then
like there's a lot of self-blame there
too because like if you think about it
even now the way that when you get mad
at yourself
right like you think that you're the one
who's at fault
so like like you're mature and you can
understand that you didn't really do
anything wrong back then but even now
there's actually a second portal which
is like
it's your fault
do you see how that's like but that's
just as wrong as the first one
um i don't like see you say that and i
can logically agree
and then i think back on myself in these
moments and i'm like
there's just no way that every single
person that has wronged me is
like one way straight okay this girl saw
me bathing bathing suit well
then i'm like it was so long ago that
i'm and i
feel this way and she was so vehemently
like affected by it as
well and like you know that i'm like
well what if it wasn't
her bathing or like what if it was her
bathing suit and that
can relate to any other situation too
i'm like well what if it
wasn't my parents switching work like
what if they just didn't like me this
whole
time and they finally got the chance to
not be friends with me anymore
and that was why they were so mean on
top of
just like having to distance himself
from me
okay give me a give me a moment
i was very helpful that you said that
jody
yeah that's all the same thing okay so
let me so so what we've got to do is
we've got to understand what are the
different processes that
are running in your mind and where do
they come from so i'm going to lay out
like
a little bit of a like system okay
so your mind has a conscious layer and
it has an unconscious layer
right and so what happens is anytime we
feel a lot of emotional pain
that that that hurt
goes dormant and sort of becomes malware
and then sends pop-ups
so like you know if we think about like
a phobia for example like if i
you know get attacked by a dog and then
like
the next day i'm like gaming and playing
halo it's like no big deal my conscious
mind is completely fine
and then i hear a dog bark inside my
house and i'm like oh [ __ ]
and then that dormant fear of the dog
that came from the trauma
surfaces in my mind and starts
generating all these thoughts
even though there may be like maybe like
the tv or something like that i may not
actually be in any logical danger but my
mind doesn't give a [ __ ]
because that emotion is there and it
like spawns thoughts
so just now you said i think a really
telling
use a telling sentence
that makes me think that this is
actually an echo from the past
which is when you say oh they finally
had the excuse
to get rid of me right so
that is a thought from a non-confident
person
that's why you're kind of saying so like
if you think about the
thinker who generates that thought that
thinker believes that they are
not intrinsically valuable
and so if we think about it like that's
kind of confusing because you're
confident in yourself but then you have
this like
portal that's like spawning that has
these lingering
beliefs and just like me hearing a dog
what actually happens is your mind has
this function
where i know it sounds so simple but
what your mind does is look at the
environment and then figure out
which unconscious programs to turn on
right so if i hear my child crying my
subconscious mind
is going to activate like go into dad
mode
and then if i'm like you know if q pops
when i'm playing a game of dota
my mind is like forget about that mode
go into wrecking shitties mode right so
like your mind is like constantly
opening up programs that are appropriate
and so what i think is happening with
you is that you've you as you encounter
situations with new friendships that
seem to be going in the right direction
your mind is like hold on a second we've
been here before
and be careful because when this person
bullied you and this is so
this is why it's so [ __ ] traumatized
it's so interesting because like she
bullied you once
but what really hurts is that y'all
became friends and then she did it again
right like that's so much worse like she
was
she had grown up and y'all were supposed
to be friends
and y'all sort of were friends and so
then your mind learns
that friends are gonna steal my bathing
suits
and so then you're going along and then
your your roommate and best friend is
like hey let's be roommates and then
there's this part of your mind that's
like hold on a second
we've been here before she's gonna take
your bathing suit
and then she's gonna talk [ __ ] about you
to everyone that you know
and then they're gonna realize
everyone's gonna realize that i'm a bad
person
right but the the i know it's weird
so what are you penny for your thoughts
because i don't know where you are right
now
right as you said that i it's not
actually
that i uh so
it's more of so i specifically think of
my roommate right now who i think really
highly of i actually like
is when i think about what would happen
i'm like
she's just this great well-rounded woman
that i view herself highly that she's
gonna look at me and be like
and then it's not so much talk [ __ ] it's
just that she's gonna realize that
she can have just better friends than me
yeah okay so so the talk [ __ ] was off
but that
you will be revealed right to be worth
less than what you're faking it
like everyone is is you know oh she like
did her hair like oh that's so great but
she doesn't realize that i'm not really
worth a whole lot
and so i can understand why you feel
sort of like like obviously that's not
confidence but
what i think this is is a some scar
which is the sort of buried emotion
and somewhere along the way your mind
kind of learned
that you are not worth very much and so
what happens is as long as that core
belief is sitting in your subconscious
it's going to continue spawning these
thoughts because that's kind of what it
does it's sort of like you know it's
like a generator
it's like a thought generator and there
are some situations that are going to
trigger them
the interesting thing is that you can
get rid of that so i think if you
haven't seen a therapist like a
therapist sounds like it would be like a
good move for you and like work through
some of these things
it's not the only way to get rid of it
but it's something that i'd highly
recommend that you try
um what do you think about that by the
way
i've always wanted a therapist um it was
just like
the means of finding one and
also just delegating the time for one
okay so um you know just as an aside so
so therapy is really designed to treat
diagnose and treat
mental illnesses right so it can be used
for a lot more than that
but what i really think about is like
therapy is about bringing people
up to baseline like if they're below
baseline
the other thing you could always try
because it's quite accessible and and
easy is you could try our coaching
program i think there's now
a specific deal that we have with twitch
where they're
supporting that kind of thing um and a
lot of creators seem to be like getting
help from it
so um you know i can send you more
information about either
we will send you information about how
to find a therapist if you're interested
or how to sign up for the coaching
program and i'd be curious um you know
whether you would find that helpful or
not but our coaches are sort of trained
in this methodology of like trying to
understand
like you know where does this stuff come
from um
where was i going yeah so i think that
uh jody the other thing to kind of just
think about is that like
when i say some of these words and you
feel hurt now this is going to get weird
okay because
that is bringing the past into the
present
so you were saying that you usually go
from the present into the past
right so the way that you digest the way
that you close control all delete
and and task that thing because i want
you to think about it like an emotional
echo
it's like you had all that hurt like
there's just so much hurt back then
and you've learned how to wall it off
with humor
so like you've learned how to minimize
the pop-up so it's like just sitting
there at the bottom of your taskbar but
it's still taking up ram
you don't see it anymore and you kind of
laugh like any every time you like
instead of hitting the x
you learn how to minimize and that's
what humor is
and you have a lot of humor and so like
the more
you laugh like the more there's
something there
you know and so the way that you close
it is by bringing that past
into the present and see like already
now you're like a little bit more
relaxed your arms are uncrossed like i'd
imagine you're feeling less emotion
because we're processing it
right you were like then like now it's
like
okay so like it kind of gets lighter and
over time like that emotional energy
will like start to dwindle as you like
sit with it now
and um uh what i would kind of say is
that like
i understand that 23 year old jody has
understood all these things and you're
like a grown and strong
and capable woman who's moved out and is
financially independent and like you're
confident right
it's so confusing because there's like
also the like seven-year-old jody
is floating around in your unconscious
and you carry her with you because she
never like
processed because kids don't
questions
i'm absorbing okay
i'm just trying to think about whether i
have other things to say
yeah so let's just sit with that for a
second and then like let me know
process and then let me know if you have
thoughts or questions
it's an interesting thought to me to
consider
my 23 year old self as this and my seven
year old self is this rather than this
yep yeah
that's what's really confusing for
people right as we think of
our our mind as monolithic
but like you're clearly a confident
person jody
and you're also clearly not confident at
times
so how can those two contrary things
exist
and what the yogis figured out is that
the mind is not a thing
it is a fluctuation so fluctuations at a
particular wavelength
produce a particular sound and
fluctuations at a different wavelength
produce a different sound
so in the right circumstance hopefully
when you're with your boyfriend or
hanging out with your mom
you produce a particular wavelength
where you feel confident and good in
yourself
and there's certain circumstances that
will
hit a certain twang on your guitar
string it'll hit a different guitar
string it'll create a different
fluctuation in your mind and then you'll
feel less confident
and so people are confused but like
that's how it works and so is it
essentially what we can do by like
bringing the past into the present i
if you want to i can we can do more of
that i'll basically say things that are
going to make you feel
more of the hurt come up right because i
know how to tune your guitar strings and
so i can you know say things to you that
are going to be like empathic
and i will pity you and then it's going
to like bring up this emotion
right if i start to feel sad for you
it's gonna like it's gonna be weird
you're gonna try to laugh it off for a
little while
and then like you know but if i persist
and i don't let you squirrel away
and like make me smile and if i persist
in being sad for you
then like something weird is gonna
happen
i just don't know that we want to go
there today does that make sense
it is so interesting to me
that i have subconsciously been doing
that
like i really really ha i don't want
people to feel bad for me
yeah i'm like really intrigued by that
i didn't really notice that i
as much as i want to talk and tell
people my story at the same time i don't
want that exact story
to make people sad or like
feel bad for me
you want to go there or enough for today
seriously what's wrong with making
people feel sad
[Music]
um
i don't i guess i don't think to myself
it's wrong to make people feel sad yeah
i know i just think that i approach
conversations or just whatever in
general
as i want to make people laugh
why is that important to you
it brings me joy like it makes me feel
fulfilled
yeah okay
so it's definitely like also a selfish
thing like i'm
approaching this conversation to make
you laugh which in turn makes me feel
fulfilled which is like
streaming like i want to farm little w's
not like decolons
i i don't know what that means they're
just emotes
okay pretty much i just don't
call in a penis
no okay
cuz you know what penis is a part of the
d the d is the
so is so many other things part of the d
um
it's one of the three it's a bunch of
colons followed by a d
is that not the same
yeah anyways it's like the sadness
shock e-boat okay okay oh yeah these are
like the cheat codes where if you type
in something it shows an emote yeah
i recently discovered that i was
figuring out how to make a fish
i figured out the fish is four o's
okay do you feel fulfilled now
yeah interesting right so we can make
you laugh and then
feel fulfilled so what's it like if we
don't laugh how do you feel
um
i may have just screwed it up by the way
if we were gonna try to go there i may
have just destroyed the emotional
wavelength but whatever
i maybe for another day
i can't just i don't maybe like it's not
uncomfortable
unsettled maybe or like
it can't end there like if we end the
conversation
sad i like cannot
okay right so so what i'm hearing is
that you can't sit with the sadness
yeah right so like that's so
until you can sit with the sadness the
intrusive thoughts will continue
right so what we've got to do is like
let seven-year-old jody like come and
sit in our lap and we've got to let her
cry and we just have to like kind of be
there with her and let her cry
and like pat her on the back you know we
don't need to distract her with jokes
and tell her everything's okay like we
have to sit with her and tell her like
hey
what happened to you is not okay and
it's not
fair that you feel like you're a bad
person because you're not a bad person
and it's really really sad that they
have done something to you to
make you feel and believe that you are
not a good person
and that you are not worth being friends
with
and you don't deserve that and you
didn't do anything wrong
foreign
what was that like for you well the
whole time i'm like
see no jokes no no cracking up
but i also like
i it's like so a part of me
wants to hear those words and allow that
and allow me to feel those raw emotions
and then the other part of me is like
he cannot
yeah what would happen if i did
i just feel like
a motion that i show that is not
calculated is wrong
okay so i can take that i think we're at
a good stopping point for today
if you have more thoughts and questions
i think that's totally fine but
what i mean to say is that i think we've
reached a good spot and we shouldn't
push any further i think we've reached
the limit of
how far i understand that you're willing
and enthusiastic consciously i think
subconsciously this is like
this was hard for you and so i i think
you did a great job but i don't think we
should push anymore
so a couple of things one is you got to
give this time right because for
years if not decades um
you haven't like you know that he
cannot is like that's a strong like you
that
there's a lot of strength behind that
does that make sense
it's like a minotaur it's like not
no is what it's saying and so that we
have to
we don't want to force it it's going to
have the opposite
result right so like what we're doing is
like when you're under the bridge
or under the stairs and in a pile of
wood chips
what we don't want to do is like i'm not
going to reach my hand and like yank you
out and i'm like you don't have to be
down there
i'm going to no no no what we're going
to do is we're going to sit outside
we're going to sit right by the stairs
and we're going to be like jody whenever
you're ready
i'm here if you want to come out
and we can talk about it and then jody's
like
no i'm not no go away and so we're just
going to sit
and we're going to be patient so you
need to give yourself some time
another thing to think about because you
are a streamer
is that um you know when we talk about
boundaries so we should really think
about whether this is the kind of thing
that
are we making it hard for you harder
than it needs to be or that it deserves
to be because you're talking about it on
stream
so we want to create an environment
where maybe privacy would help you come
out more
definitely something to think about
right because you do say i don't want
people to feel this way so like that's
fine
leave your streamer persona how it is
but you get to have a space maybe
privately like you can kind of think
through that
um but i really encourage you to like
learn how to sit with it
because i i think like she's been down
there for a while and like she doesn't
you know
and she's like under the stairs and then
like you're going about your business
and then occasionally she'll sob and
send a thought your way
right so thoughts about that questions
does that sound okay to you
yes okay
i am really welcoming the
idea of
seeing myself underneath the stairs
covered in wood chips and seeing that as
myself
but also seeing that as like just a
little girl that i would
comfort and treat a little differently
yeah you gotta treat her like your cat
yeah
that's that's what the girl under the
stairs needs right like she just
you know and and i think that like by
the way this is what we call like i know
there are a bunch of instagram posts
about
self-compassion that's what that is by
the way
right so i think you're really good at
protecting other people you're really
good at making them laugh but i don't
know that you're actually compassionate
towards yourself
i can tell that you're kind of a treat
yo self kind of person like i get that i
get that you're like about
living which is it but that's 23 year
old you
mm-hmm and i get that i get that vibe
um but i you know that's self-compassion
and it's
something that's hard to learn cool
cool um
so i also often times will teach people
how to meditate
i'm sort of drawing a blank there but
i'm curious are you interested in
meditation
yes okay [ __ ] i have to come up with
something
okay i'm gonna need a minute is that
okay that's fine
what are we gonna what kind of
meditation helps for being buried in
wood chips
i want to teach you something fun but
what do i know that's fun
what's gonna help you
have you tried meditation before
okay so i also try to teach a little bit
of variety but it's occurring to me that
maybe what we need to do is just because
we've never had done meditation we still
got to start with the basics we can't
jump straight to advanced techniques
so i'm gonna tell you you've got two
options you've got one that's
energetic and one that's common
which one do you want
okay so i'm gonna teach you how to chant
okay we're gonna do ohm chanting
this is gonna sound weird all right so i
gotta i can't i've learned how to not
leak things so i gotta move to push to
talk and this gets really confusing for
everyone because
i forget to push push to talk so you
probably can't hear me anymore
yeah yeah so i'm gonna forget to push
push to talk a lot so
it's gonna be rough on you okay
so um this this we have to do just
because of the way that discord voice
activity picks up
the chant oh so i'm gonna chant om
um so om is composed of three syllables
ah
and the reason that we sort of do that
is because
om starts with a fully open mouth so
open your mouth as loud as you can or
wow wide as you can and then make a
sound
right now yeah yeah try as wide as i can
yeah and then make sound ah
there you go see there's ah right okay
and then close your mouth entirely and
then make a sound
there we go right so that's the ah and
the um and in the middle of those is
going to be the ooh
so um
got got me so that's actually where so
like this looks
pretty confusing because people is like
oh om is like the fundamental sound of
the universe man
it's not it's really not i mean sure
it's the fundamental sound of the
universe you know if you're a yoga
calendar
but what it really is it's just like uh
okay so that's ohm so we're gonna do is
chant it
five times i want you to really use your
testicles to their maximum
when you're chanting okay and so i'm
going to demonstrate once
and then we'll do it once together
we'll check in for a second just make
sure that you feel comfortable doing it
and then we'll do like five rounds
okay so i'm gonna sit up straight so
it's important when you meditate that
your back be straight
so since you're pre-med i'm gonna ask
you
questions that will test your ability to
you know be a surgeon so what are the
different positions that your back can
be straight
lying down yes yep
and standing up right so those are the
three beautiful
right so like it perfect so that's why
those are the three positions that we
can do when we meditate
another little tip um how tall are you
five
three and do your feet touch the floor
when you're in your chair
no are your feet down right now i have a
yoga block
you have a yoga block where oh beneath
your feet my feet
okay so so this is what i want you to do
can you sit cross-legged
uh yes okay so but this is gonna be
tricky you're gonna have to put
the cat down because what i want you to
do is sit on the yoga block
put your butt on the yoga block and then
sit cross-legged so that
how big is yoga block is small right yes
my yoga block is small
yeah so i want you to sit on it like
under your bum
oh on my chair yeah on your chair
and so that you're but i want you to
notice so let's just put let's let's
start with this put the cat down
say honey okay
what's the cat oh he said he's like
where am i
okay no yoga block yet no yoga block yet
okay okay
okay cross-legged first just sit
cross-legged
indian style if you want to culturally
appropriate something
okay so notice what your back is doing
what's your back doing
uh yeah perky uh nobody can see jody
oh no one can see jody thanks
wife okay so um
so it you're gonna be slumping a little
bit maybe you feel that
no no okay so now i want you to sit on
the yoga block but like not don't have
your feet on the yoga block like sit
just elevate your butt okay
grabbing my yoga block okay
oh my gosh
now try to sit cross-legged i can't hear
you
and now try to sit cross-legged oh
oh tell us what happened
it's comfy it's like this is much
comfier your back is naturally straight
right yeah it's weird physics
taller now yeah yeah i think you're five
five
definitely okay so now i'm gonna
demonstrate so we're gonna sit up
straight
okay okay and then i'll demonstrate one
round
[Music]
got it yes okay
like i said use your testicles yeah i'm
impressed by how long you were able to
hold that
yeah it doesn't need to be that long
okay okay
um so deep breath in and let's begin
great job couple things to do one is
eyes need to be closed
secondly is if you bob your head around
your back is not straight
spine needs to stay straight okay nope
none of this
bobbing of the heads that's too much
cultural appropriation you only get to
do that if you're indian
okay so back straight we're gonna do it
again okay and then so eyes closed it's
a big deep breath
ah ooh and um
[Music]
[Laughter]
good i definitely cannot hold it as long
as you
that's okay so just just just do it
we'll shorten it okay so i want you to
do whatever you're comfortable with in
terms of the length
and i want you did great you may feel a
little bit silly or self-conscious
i want you to just chant through it so
we're going to do five rounds in a row
um let me just think about whether do
you feel comfortable leading and all
kind of follow your lead or do you want
me to lead
okay you lead okay so
i'll follow you so you go forward eyes
closed five rounds
and then after we're done i want you to
just stay silent
with your eyes closed i know this is
gonna sound weird
sit in the post post-meditation space
you can continue to breathe and stuff i
know it sounds weird you'll understand
when we get there
just hang out after we're done with the
practice and when you're ready to
open your eyes do you want to sit on a
pillow instead of the block would that
be easier
i'm struggling on the block
all right but thankfully i have a
plethora of pillows here
all right there we go okay back straight
take it away jody okay
[Music]
beautiful
great again
[Music]
three more
oh
last one big deep breath
[Music]
you
if you're ready you can go ahead and
come on back okay it came back a little
bit earlier to be honest but you you're
nice and then i
can tell i could tell i could tell you
just have a lot of trouble just sitting
[ __ ] still
so we'll teach you that yeah so this is
why i like to combine
meditation so if you want to see a
therapist i think we're going to send
you some information everyone who comes
on stream will send you like a guide of
how to find a therapist and stuff like
that
um you know if you want to sign up for
the coaching program whatever but here's
the cool thing
so i think meditation works very
synergistically with therapy if you
decide to go that route
because what we're going to literally
teach you how to do is
sit and just sit with what you feel
without reacting to it
right because right now jody what you
really the biggest thing that i'd say
you need to grow
is like you need to be able to sit with
things without reacting to them
very reactive i mean don't get me wrong
it's a beautiful reaction but it's still
like
reactive you can't tolerate so many
things
and so just sit
you're fine you're perfect just the way
you are you don't need people to think
differently
you don't need to be different you don't
need to have a different color hair you
don't need to do this you don't need to
do that
you're great just the way you are your
cat
understands this cat doesn't want you to
be different
you're just be you
feel me yeah okay
see that was good you sat with it that's
good
questions thoughts before we wrap up for
the day
i do not have any okay well thank you
very much for coming
on good thank you for having me yes
it was awesome yeah i i feel really good
about this
yeah and good luck to you and you know
keep us posted
and and you know if you ever need us to
attack
anyone who is wrong to you just let us
know because we're good at that
okay let me know if anyone wrongs you
i'm good at that too
cool okay so take care and good luck
and uh you know keep us posted all right
you too
bye bye
so who are we rating um who we rating
i can't tell is is foosley a real person
i i feel like you guys are trolling me